DOC Fix bulk manager documentation link (#346)
colymba/GridFieldBulkEditingTools: README.md

$config->addComponent(new \Colymba\BulkManager\BulkManager());
```

> For full configuration options, see the [Bulk Manager documentation](docs/en/01_bulk-manager.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full configuration options, see the [Bulk Manager documentation](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/optional_features/gridfield-bulk-editing-tools/).
```
This should link to the rendered docs instead for the best experience.
